h1. My Vim Configs

* Author: Kássio Borges<"kassioborgesm@gmail.com":kassioborgesm@gmail.com>
* Since: 2011/02

<b>All this configurations was created and tested only on linux.</b>

h2. Usege

The best way to install and follow the updates is using git. If you using Debian or some children do:

<pre>aptitude install git-core</pre>

To download this configurations do:

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/kassio/vim_configs.git ~/.vim
</pre>

To install plugins do:

<pre>
cd ~/.vim
git submodule init
git submodule update
</pre>

To compile Command-T:

<pre>
cd ~/.vim/bundle/command-t/ruby/command-t/
ruby extconf.rb
make
</pre>

To setup this configurations:

<pre>
ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc
</pre>

h2. Dependencies

Some configurations dependes exuberant-tags, again if you using Debian or some children do:

<pre>aptitude install exuberant-ctags ncurses-term ruby-dev libgtk2.0-dev</pre>

To ColorSelect(http://github.com/kassio/ColorSelect) works you need ruby with gtk gems installed.

h2. Features

Some features:

# ColorSelect("github":https://github.com/kassio/ColorSelect)
# FuzzyFinder("github":https://github.com/vim-scripts/FuzzyFinder)
# NerdTree("github":https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree)
# Potwiki("github":https://github.com/kassio/potwiki.vim)
# RVM info("github":https://github.com/csexton/rvm.vim)
# Git info("github":https://github.com/motemen/git-vim)
# Tabular("github":https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular)
# Surround("github":https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround)
# Supertab("github":https://github.com/ervandew/supertab)
# Snipmate("github":https://github.com/akitaonrails/snipmate.vim)
# Snippets("github":https://github.com/kassio/snipmate-snippets)
# Latex("git":http://vim-latex.git.sourceforge.net/git/gitweb.cgi?p=vim-latex/vim-latex;a=summary)
# Ruby block select("github":https://github.com/nelstrom/vim-textobj-rubyblock)
# Portugues-Brasileiro dictionary(Native)
# English dictionary(Native)
# Many default vim facilities
# Colorshcheme xoria256("github":https://github.com/vim-scripts/xoria256.vim)
# Full text indent()
# Shortcuts

h2. Some Shortcuts

\t - Command-t
\cc - comment
\cu - uncomment
  ,ff - format
  ,nbg - no backgraund(transparency)
,bg - force background(no transparency)
  F5 - ColorSelect
  and others
